Dad, I need your help.
My teacher asked us to choose a country we want to visit.
Imagine we were there and write a letter to our parents back home.
I've chosen Australia.
How can I do it?
Don't worry.
I have some photos that I took in Australia last year.
They may help you.
Here we go.
This is a rock called Air's Rock in Central Australia.
According to the local people, it's a special and magical place.
Oh, it looks huge.
What's its height?
348 metres.
And this is the Sydney Opera House.
It's like a huge sailing boat with water on three sides.
And this one is the Great Barrier Reef.
Does it lie off the northeast coast of Australia?
Yes.
It's over 2,600 kilometres long.
It's a great natural wonder.
And here are some photos of my Australian friends.
Their sheep farmers, they wear special hats that keep the flies away.
The scissors that they're holding are used to cut the wool off the sheep.
Do you know that many Australians came from Britain?
Yes, of course.
That's why they speak English.
Did you keep a diary while you were there?
Yes.
And you can read it.
That's great.
And what didn't you like about Australia?
I hated the ants that were all over the place.
I had to brush them off my clothes, especially my trousers.
Ha ha!
Ands on your trousers.
That's really funny.
It wasn't funny at the time.